---
title: Bits & Bytes
subtitle: COMPSA Newsletter
author: Cain Susko
date: January 2024
---

[//]: # (Replace all shell variables: $SHELL_VARIABLE)

Hey `COMP-stars` ! It's January, so get back to school and
try to pass your classes while we tell you what's going on around COMPSA. 

> Before that, here's a quick reminder that the next **General Assembly** 
> is on **Monday, Jan 29**. Can't wait to see you there! Now for the updates:

# Exciting plans

- **Academics** -- Prepping for end of year, **Looking for tutors**, email
  `academics@compsa.queensu.ca` if you're interested!
- **Marketing** -- NEW MERCH (hoodies) dropping **end of the month**. Will be
  available in person at the Arc or online [`merch.compsa.ca`](https://merch.compsa.ca)
- **Events** -- Planning a health-sci collab next month (keep your eye on our
  **Instagram, @compsa** for more info)
- **Socials & Equity** -- BOB ROSS PAINT NIGHT on Tuesday at 8pm in Kingston Hall
- **Events** -- Planning our march formal!
- **Technology** -- redoing the Oweek website for next year (**Apply to be a Tech
  for Orientation!!**)
- **Professional Development & Events** -- Alumni mixer this Saturday (SOLD OUT!)
- **Internal Affairs** -- **Elections** are coming up! stay-tuned for more
  information. 

# Recent accomplishments

- **Execs** -- Got 4 voting seats in the AMS assembly.
- **Professional Development** -- Reached over 700 LinkedIn followers !!
- **Internal Affairs** -- Put up a code of conduct in the CasLab (pls follow it).
- **Events** -- _somebody_ broke the **brand new** COMPSA banner. Justice will be
  served.
- **Finance** -- we still have money ! 

# Words from The Presidents

In the new-year, COMPSA has made huge strides to gain more representation for
computing students by establishing **4 voting seats** in the AMS Assembly --
ensuring that we will have greater say in the _interesting_ year to come.
Furthermore, we are in talks with stakeholders to have new fee slate
calculations in the coming year, meaning we can continue to fund the amazing
work everyone has been doing to create an **awesome Computing community**.

Now, we have all heard about the budget cuts hitting Arts & Science (Thanks Mr.
Provost!) However the School of **Computing is a strong and growing program**
which brings much needed cashflow to the faculty, and there is no reason to
expect that Computing will be the victim of Matthew Evans' crusade against
spending money on anything cool.

Finally, The COMPSA Executive is excited to announce the formation of the
**Computing Club Roundtable**, where clubs will be able to work together in
order to reach more potential members and spread their reach with the help of
COMPSA!

#### Credits

With <3 from Christian & Cain @ Internal Affairs. 

If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this letter, please feel
free to contact `internal@compsa.queensu.ca` !
