---
title: Internal Newsletter Template
author: Queen's Computing Students' Association
date: November 2023
---

[//]: # (Replace all shell variables: $SHELL_VARIABLE)

# COMPSA Internal Newsletter: November 17, 2023

Whats up COMP-STARS ! It's November, so solemnly celebrate rememberance day &&
anticipate the Holidays, while we tell you what's going on around COMPSA!

> Before that, here's a quick reminder that the next **General Assembly**
> meeting is on **this Monday, November 20th**. Can't wait to see you there! Now
> for the updates:

# Many Words from The `President`

Welcome to COMPSA’s first ever internal newsletter. COMPSA has recently achieved
its largest size to date, with over 80 student volunteers, cementing our status
as one of the largest student governments present at Queen's. With such a large
team, I believe now is the perfect time to establish a centralized newsletter to
ensure everyone remains informed about all our latest developments and
achievements. As always, I am grateful and proud of the unwavering commitment
and hard work from each and every single member, from my wonderfully talented
vice presidents to the latest additions to our team, our interns. To all of you,
thank you for your contributions; you are all like family to me.

COMPSA recently celebrated some incredible accomplishments. We hosted our
largest semi-formal in Computing history, with over 120 attendees. A massive
shout-out to the Events team, and to the Tech team for their work in organizing
the event and getting our ticketing system working in record time. As the last
director of events, I think it’s astonishing that we continue to improve the
quality of our events each year.

Additionally, our inaugural Life after Computing event at Bell and Google
offices in Toronto was a hit, all thanks to the hard work put in by our
Professional Development team. A special shout out to the creative geniuses in
our Marketing team, who continue to produce great work every day.
Last week, we held our intern induction session and an organization-wide
all-hands meeting. I continue to witness new friendships among members from
different portfolios and year groups being formed at these meetings.It's truly
heartwarming to see how easily everyone seems to be getting along so well, as
this is something we’ve been hopeful to accomplish from the start of our tenure.

The job’s not over just yet, we're working on a new Computing Club Caucus
initiative, hoping to integrate the many Computing-related clubs into COMPSA.
This initiative will roll out in the coming months, and will involve careful
financial and logistical planning for long-term sustainability. As the semester
progresses, I also hope we can all take a moment across the organization to
consolidate everything that has happened so far this year and make sure we
document all the new programs and events we’ve run so far.

As always it is incredible to see every facet of this great organization doing
their best to push us forward and do something innovative each day. I can’t wait
to see what the future holds.

Live, Laugh, COMPSA!

# Exciting News

- `VP Student Affairs` -- Working on a **Club Outreach** initiative with
  more details to be shared soon!
- `VP Student Affairs` -- working with the Director of computing to implement
  this years **academic grievance form**, as there have been numerous serious
  complaints
- `VP Operations` -- Looking into trying to make the constitution more accurate
  and future-proof


- `Events` -- Started planning the **Winter Formal**!


- `Marketing` -- **New merch** coming out soon !! (TBD)


- `Professional Dev` -- **Job Postings** are being regularly posted on *
  *linkedIn**, often several per week !


- `Socials` -- **Lo-fi Code Night, Nov. 28** -- come code with friends and good
  music
- `Socials` -- **Bob Ross Paint-Night** is *possibly* happening around late
  January
- `Socials,IA` -- There will be a **Volunteer Appreciation** *COMP-cert* on **Dec
  7th** with pizza && drinks


- `Equity` -- Launching a **survey this weekend** collecint insight om what
  needs the most attention with regards to mental health in the school of
  computing
- `Equity` -- This month is **Movember**, and equity *may* hold a **Movember Run**
  at the end of the month to raise money & awareness for mens mental health &
  cancer


- `Finance` -- Looking into procuring sponshorships and grants for more `$$$` !


- `Academics` -- Looking into a solution for a **tutoring system** within
  Computing which is more affordable *not* based around one-on-one tutor matching
- `Academics` -- Collaborating directly with the school of computing on the
  tutoring program, however their timeline is quite a bit longer than ours
  of computing


- `IA` -- Planning a COMPSA-wide **photo-shoot**, as well as eventually getting
  it framed to put in the Hall of Computing !
- `IA` -- Looking into adding **new decor** and signage for the **Hall of Computing**
- `IA` -- Working on Internal and **Student newsletters** to spread the good
  word of COMPSA, as well as other documentation stuff

# Recent accomplishments

- `All` -- Onboarding 1st year interns && new hires !
- `VP Operations` -- Met with clubs to begin networking for the new club
  outreach initiative


- `Events,Marketing,Tech` -- **Fall Night Out** went really well (it **sold out** !!!)


- `Professional Dev` -- Life after Computing office tour at **Google and Bell** in
  Toronto was a great success, with companies even remarking at how the
  applicants showed *"the best Queen's has to offer"*.


- `Tech` -- The new Website and merch store have worked flawlessly with no downtime !
- `Tech` -- The new COMPSA ticketing platform was deployed for fall night out
  and worked perfectly !


- `Marketing` -- The new graphic designs have been received very well by
  students, and the 2-weeks-notice system is working great for graphic requests
- `Marketing` -- We now have a COMPSA **banner & name-tags** to be used for future
  events !
- `Marketing` -- Overall the **New designs** are being received really well !


- `IA` -- Completed Fall volunteer and intern hiring !


- `Finance` -- Completed the Master Budget for the year


- `Socials` -- **Games Night** was a success !!

> And thats all folks !
>
> Thanks for reading, if you have any questions or comments about the
> newsletter, please feel free to ping `#ia-public` :)